---
title: 'Case Study: The Ethics of Using Hacked Data: Patreon’s Data Hack and Academic Data Standards'
author: JamesDiu
date: '2020-06-10'
slug: case-study-the-ethics-of-using-hacked-data-patreon-s-data-hack-and-academic-data-standards
categories:
  - ethics
tags:
  - case study
backtotop: no
toc: no
---

<!-- toc -->

During the course I have read an interesting article about whether we should use the hacked data. ( Here is the article [The Ethics of Using Hacked Data](https://bdes.datasociety.net/council-output/case-study-the-ethics-of-using-hacked-data-patreons-data-hack-and-academic-data-standards/). ) In short, the case is about a reserach team found the data they failed to obtain from the provider, along with some other private or personal data, was hacked and released to public. Then there was a dicussion between whether it is appropiate to use the hacked data. Ethical issue is the major concern. Although it might require more workload to obtain the data in another source, they decided not using the hacked data. 

It is no doubt that the hacked data is very tempted, especially when you know the data is difficult to obtain. Everyone who ever tried to collect data would understand the difficulties and pain. It would be great to have these time-consuming tasks done by someone else. However, what is the trade-off? We know there is merely a free meal in the world. They always come along with some unexpected costs, which is not necessarily something from our wallet. For example, many people may already realize that joining those 'free' lottery is giving out their personal information in exchange with a low chance opportunity. It is possible that we are paying much more than we expected for the free meal. So what will the cost be for using the hacked data? What possibly we are paying for them?

Encouraging hacking would be the first in my mind. Using these data is somehow showing support to those hackers and agrees to what they have done. Perhaps some hackers have a sublime reason, but it should not be accepted as appropriate behaviour. It is only luck that the victim is not ourselves. Secondly, I think we will pay our trust to source from hackers. Since these data are not released officially, it is hard to guarantee its validity. So how can we prove something with untrustful data? It seems to contradict to the intention that using data to revelling the fact. 

